readme.md, before:

![link](https://github.com/MitkoDG/ft-task/blob/main/screenshot.jpg)

# FT Market Data

FT Market Data is a web application that retrieves and displays financial market data from the Financial Times API. It allows users to view the latest information.
The application fetches data from the Financial Times API and presents it in a user-friendly format. Users can see the names of the securities, their corresponding values, and the percentage change in value over a specific time period. The data is updated regularly to provide real-time information to users.

### Features

Displays market data for popular securities, including stock indices and currency exchange rates.
Highlights the percentage change in value for each security, indicating positive, negative, or neutral trends.
Provides a user-friendly interface with responsive design for optimal viewing on different devices.
Handles API fetch errors and displays appropriate error messages to users.

### Technologies Used

JavaScript,
HTML,
CSS,
Financial Times API

### Installation

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/MitkoDG/ft-task.git
Navigate to the project directory: cd ft-task

### Tests

To run the tests, you will need to have Mocha and Chai installed.

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

adding Usage section to the readme file

readme.md, after:

![link](https://github.com/MitkoDG/ft-task/blob/main/screenshot.jpg)

# FT Market Data

FT Market Data is a web application that retrieves and displays financial market data from the Financial Times API. It allows users to view the latest information.
The application fetches data from the Financial Times API and presents it in a user-friendly format. Users can see the names of the securities, their corresponding values, and the percentage change in value over a specific time period. The data is updated regularly to provide real-time information to users.

## Project Requirements

This project addresses the following requirements:

- Implement a JavaScript application that fetches data from an API and displays it on the page.
- Use modern JavaScript syntax, such as ES modules, async/await, and arrow functions.
- Organize the code into separate modules for better maintainability.
- Write unit tests using a testing framework (Mocha) and assertion library (Chai).
- Use media queries to make the application responsive and adjust the layout based on different screen sizes.
- Handle and display error messages to the user in case of API failures or invalid data.

Additionally, the README file contains other relevant information about the project, such as installation instructions, how to run the application, and any other important details.


### Features

Displays market data for popular securities, including stock indices and currency exchange rates.
Highlights the percentage change in value for each security, indicating positive, negative, or neutral trends.
Provides a user-friendly interface with responsive design for optimal viewing on different devices.
Handles API fetch errors and displays appropriate error messages to users.

### Technologies Used

JavaScript,
HTML,
CSS,
Financial Times API

### Installation

1. Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/MitkoDG/ft-task.git
2. Navigate to the project directory: cd ft-task
3. Install dependencies: npm install

### Usage

1. Start the index.html file with "Live Server"
2. Access the application in your browser at http://localhost:3000

The application will be displayed in the browser.

### Tests

To run the tests, you will need to have Mocha and Chai installed.

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.
